[IMP] developer/orm: add read_group relative granularity (#8447)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/reference/backend/orm.rst

    a field name of the current model, or a relationship traversal through
    a :class:`~odoo.fields.Many2one` using dot-notation e.g. ``'street'``
    or ``'partner_id.country'``

>     If the field is a date field, you can also specify a part of the date using ``'field_name.granularity'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the field is a date(time) field, you can also specify a part of the date using ``'field_name.granularity'``.
```

    The supported granularities are ``'quarter'``, ``'month'``, ``'week'``.

>     They all use a integeger as value.

Reviewer 2: integer

>     or ``'partner_id.country'``
>     If the field is a date field, you can also specify a part of the date using ``'field_name.granularity'``.
>     The supported granularities are ``'quarter_number'``, ``'month_number'``, ``'week_number'``.
>     They all use a integer as value.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    or ``'partner_id.country'``
    If the field is a date field, you can also specify a part of the date using ``'field_name.granularity'``.
    The supported granularities are ``'quarter_number'``, ``'month_number'``, ``'week_number'``.
    They all use an integer as value.
```

>     They all use a integer as value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    They all use an integer as value.
```

        [('invoice_status', '=', 'to invoice'),
         ('order_line', 'any', [('product_id.qty_available', '<=', 0)])]

>     To search for all partners that are born in the month February::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    To search for all partners born in the month of February::
```

>         [('birthday.month_number','=',2)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        [('birthday.month_number', '=', 2)]
```
nitpicking, but domains are clearer when there are spaces between tuple parts.

>         [('birthday.month_number','=',2)]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        [('birthday.month_number', '=', 2)]
```
